slide 1: Introduction (problem definition, solution)
Linux is one of the most widely used operating systems in the industry. for examples Android Phones, Servers & Web, Cloud & Containers, Enterprise & Industry.
One of the main reason, that Linux is selecting for vast domains that's because its customizability.
So when we talk about customizability the main point we can show is its kernel.
This Linux kernel isn't like other operating systems kernel, this kernel has one specialty and that is user can customize it any kind of way.
So there are lot of Linux based operating systems and they differ from each other by making changes to this same kernel.

So my question is can we use this kernel to optimize performance of our workloads.
yes we can by changing a small value whole operating system changes it default way, for example lets assume we download a file, by changing few parameters we can increase its download speed.

my solution for this performance optimization is proposing a lightweight Hybrid approach that can optimize kernel parameters dynamically

Linux powers wide range of devices, and its backbone kernel can do lot of things to the system when compare to the other operating systems.
Main thing is its parameters, we can change their value as we need so by default each parameter has a default value and its doesn't much 
effect to our workloads but when we going further when we having specific workloads sometimes the default parameters not enough so we have t change

slide 2: research overview
so by keeping that on my mind I have conduct a systematic review of existing performance optimization techniques in Linux.
so then I categorize them into several categories. 1. ML based methods, 2. Rule based methods, 3. Deep learning based methods
then I find what are the drawbacks of those systems and then I look for methods that use Bayesian Optimization and Genetic Algorithm like algorithms to do optimization
lastly I do is finding the key parameters that may effect on every workloads

slide 3: key parameters
so these are few of the important parameters I found 

slide 4: methodology
I follow the PRISMA methodology for this research
fir I analyzed kernel performance under different workloads

slide 5: experimental design
based on the things I've explored I developed a prototype and these are the specs of the system I used.


slide 6: results
and these are the results I got, so you can see how QPS and the cache moves
so basically I can achieve 15% performance gain by tuning parameters

slide 7: discussion
For these kind of research identifying parameters is one of the key challenge and 

slide 8: conclusion

slide 9: references

slide 10: acknowledge

slide 11: thank you